.\" Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH "BALLERBURG" "6" "2013-11-21" "Ballerburg SDL" ""
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.

.SH "NAME"
ballerburg \- A castle combat game

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B ballerburg

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Ballerburg is a castle combat game. Two players (which can be human or
computer-controlled) try to destroy the opponent's castle with their cannons.
.PP
There are two ways to win the game: Either by directly hitting the opponents
king with a cannonball, or by destroying enough of the opponents commodities
so that the king capitulates automatically.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 1987, 1989  Eckhard Kruse
.br
Copyright (C) 2010, 2013  Thomas Huth
.PP
This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
The main program documentation, usually in /usr/share/doc/ballerburg.
.PP
The homepage of Ballerburg SDL: http://baller.tuxfamily.org/
